Added Release Notes v5.4 (#49)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

== Changes

* Enabled client-side code deployments (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/340[#340])
* Enabled JAR file uploads using ConfigMaps (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/304[#304])
* Enabled JAR file downloads into the Java classpath (PVC) (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/244[#244])
* Enabled a reference to the `Map` resource so that the resource is updated with configuration changes for WAN replication (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/216[#216])
* When a Hazelcast CR is marked for deletion, all dependent CRs are also deleted (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/314[#314])
* Added support for stopping hot backups gracefully (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/318[#318])
* Added configuration to skip checks of the Management Center lock file  (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/333[#333])
* Added Phone Home data collection as a separate process (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/336[#336])

> * Added Phone Home data collection for Map CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/341[#341]), WAN Replication (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/342[#342]), user code deployment (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/342[#342]), and backup and restore (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/345[#345])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Phone Home data collection for Map CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/341[#341]), WAN replication (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/342[#342]), user code deployment (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/342[#342]), and backup and restore (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/345[#345])
```

== Fixed Issues

* The "Reconciler error" is no longer thrown at the beginning of the setup process for Hazelcast Platform. (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/323[#323])
* Fixed the issue with hot backups where the status was set to successful before the upload of the external backup had completed (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/242[#242])

> *  Fixed the issue for HotBackup with BucketURI, which incorrectly triggered a backup upload for the Local backup type. (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/261[#261])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Fixed the issue for HotBackup with BucketURI, which incorrectly triggered a backup upload for the Local backup type (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/261[#261])
```

= 5.4 Release Notes

In this release, we have introduced xref:wan-replication.adoc[WAN Replication] and xref:user-code-deployment.adoc[User Code Deployment] features.

== New features

* Added WAN Replication (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/226[#226])
* Added EntryProcessor support (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/334[#334])
* Added MapStore/MapLoader support (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/291[#291])
* Added Executor Service support (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/300[#300])

== Changes

* Added user code deployment possibility from the client side (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/340[#340])
* Added uploading JAR's via ConfigMap (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/304[#304])
* Added downloading JAR into classpath (PVC) functionality (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/244[#244])

> * Added enabling Map WAN Reference (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/216[#216])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enabled a reference to the `Map` resource so that the resource is updated with configuration changes for WAN replication (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/216[#216])
```
Not sure I've got this right....

> * Deleted dependent CRs when a Hazelcast CR is marked to be deleted (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/314[#314])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When a Hazelcast CR is marked for deletion, all dependent CRs are also deleted (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/314[#314])
```

> * Added support for stopping HotBackup gracefully (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/318[#318])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for stopping hot backups gracefully (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/318[#318])
```

* Added skipping the check for a Management Center lock file  (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/333[#333])

> * Added Phone Home as a separate process (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/336[#336])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Phone Home data collection as a separate process (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/336[#336])
```

> * Added Phone Home data collection for Map CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/341[#341])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Phone Home data collection for Map CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/341[#341]), WAN Replication (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/342[#342]), user code deployment (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/342[#342]), and backup and restore (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/345[#345])
```
Save repeating the same line....

> * Added Phone Home data collection for WAN Replication (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/342[#342])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Added Phone Home data collection for UCD (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/344[#344])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Added Phone Home data collection for Backup & Restore (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/345[#345])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

== Fixed Issues

> * Omit the throwing "Reconciler error" at the beginning of the Hazelcast platform setup (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/323[#323])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The "Reconciler error" is no longer thrown at the beginning of the setup process for Hazelcast Platform. (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/323[#323])
```

> * Fixed hot backup issue when the status was successful before the external backup uploading had finished (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/242[#242])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the issue with hot backups where the status was set to successful before the upload of the external backup had completed (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/242[#242])
```

> * Fixed the issue when HotBackup with BucketURI will trigger backup upload for the Local backup type (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/261[#261])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Fixed the issue for HotBackup with BucketURI, which incorrectly triggered a backup upload for the Local backup type. (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/261[#261])
```

> * Fixed timeout issue for long-running backup upload in platform-operator-agent (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/288[#288])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the timeout issue for long-running backup uploads in the platform-operator-agent (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/288[#288])
```

> * Fixed error on enabling persistence without PVC (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/339[#339])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an error which occurred when enabling persistence without PVC (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/339[#339])
```

> * Fixed operator idle issue when it didn't pick up created CRs (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/343[#343])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an operator issue which caused it to remain idle instead of picking up new CRs  (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/343[#343])
```
